well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh today we're going to talk about
the town halls
we'll talk about bidens we'll talk about
trump's
and then we're going to talk about mr
rogers if you're on twitter you know why
um if you don't know last night both
candidates held town halls
there was a big uproar because they were
at the same time and all of that
but they were both exactly what you
would expect
to be honest i mean bidens was very
civil
kind of boring to be completely honest
no big surprises he said a couple of
things that were less than ideal
nothing major but a few the one that
raised my eyebrows
and i'm sure everybody will have their
particular moment
but for me it was when he said something
to the effect of
he had always hoped and worked to make
the criminal justice system fair
something along those lines yeah i'm old
enough to know that's not true
but the rest of that statement the rest
of that answer
showed that he has definitely evolved on
the topic since
then i think maybe a better lead-in
to that answer would have been that he's
looking forward to
fixing his mistakes cleaning up his mess
something along those lines
however he's a politician you know they
don't uh
they don't own their mistakes typically
they don't admit they were wrong
that that was it i mean it was stuff
like that nothing huge
it was joe biden being joe biden
like i said kind of boring to be
completely honest
and then there was the trump town hall
which is
also exactly what you would expect a
complete dumpster fire
lots of interrupting lots of him not
actually answering the question
lots of him saying he didn't know or
couldn't remember
whatever
my particular favorite moment was when
he was asked to condemn or denounce
a group that has been rather vocal in
their support of him
and he said he didn't know anything
about him which i mean i get it again
he's a politician he doesn't want to
denounce a group that is vocal
in their support of him
however as president of the united
states
it would be a complete and utter failure
to not know anything about a group that
the fbi has labeled a threat
especially if your entire campaign is
about law and order and keeping the
suburbs safe
how are you going to protect the country
when you don't know what the threats are
but again there's plenty to choose from
when it comes to the the trump town hall
and that's really all i'm going to say
about that because y'all are going to
watch the clips
you can pick any random biden clip in
any random trump clip
and compare them it's
pretty clear i want to talk about
something else though
because during the town halls somebody
on trump's team
well they compared the joe biden town
hall
to watching an episode of mr rogers
good that that's not an insult
that is not an insult i'm not going to
put the person's name out there
simply because i'm certain they have
already received enough backlash i sent
messages myself
um yeah that that's not an
insult i know it may seem odd
or even weird from
somebody on the trump team to see that
and
you know see somebody try to unite
rather than divide
somebody who's looking for the helpers
instead of looking
for somebody to blame i get it it's odd
but i would suggest that's exactly what
the country needs right now
go back and look at the videos i am not
overly enthusiastic
about a biden presidency
but if his opposition views him
as mr rogers
maybe biden is my man i mean i get it
i get it from the trump side of things
you know that cardigan wearing weakling
and all of that
however i'd give just about anything
to see president biden dip his feet in
the kiddie pool
with a representative of every
demographic that the current
administration has marginalized
and attacked and if you don't get the
reference
that's probably why you don't understand
that mr rogers showed more courage
than anybody in the entire trump
administration
see in 1969
there was an episode where him and this
other guy
they dipped their feet into a kiddie
pool together
and then they shared a towel that was
that
not a huge thing except he was black
and this was at a time even though
segregation was kind of supposed to be
over
it wasn't really happening
and he addressed it by leading
setting the example and that's just one
thing
the entire show
softly addressed social issues
and he led the country more so than
president trump
ever has
i i get that uh
the trump administration doesn't
actually know anything about
the ideas of america
but mr rogers is kind of an american
icon
i'm not sure positioning yourself as his
opposition
is going to play out well with the
american voters
and i get it the trump administration
has sold
the constitution the basic principles of
this country
the foundational elements of democracy
i understand it but you all need to keep
mr rogers name out your mouths
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day